docs: adapt lifecycle-management and observability getting started guides to use KeptnAppContext (#2880)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/getting-started/observability.md

![deployment trace](./assets/deploymenttrace.png)

## Step 14: Include metadata in workload traces

To enrich the workload traces with custom metadata you can use the
`keptn.sh/metadata` annotation.
The values specified in the annotation

> will be added as key-value attributes to the workload trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are added as key-value attributes to the workload trace.
```

> Modify your `app.yaml` and change the `app.kubernetes.io/version` from `0.0.2` to `0.0.3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify your `app.yaml` file and change the `app.kubernetes.io/version` from `0.0.2` to `0.0.3`
```

(or `keptn.sh/version` if you used the Keptn specific labels earlier) and add a new
`keptn.sh/metadata: "stage=dev"` annotation.

> This way after the re-deployment, the workload trace will contain `stage=dev` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, after the re-deployment, the workload trace will contain the `stage=dev` attribute.
```

## Step 15: Include metadata in application traces

> Similar to the previous step, custom metadata can be added also to application traces via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the previous step, custom metadata can also be added to application traces via the
```

[KeptnAppContext](../reference/api-reference/lifecycle/v1beta1/index.md#keptnappcontext) custom resource.

> In the `.spec.metadata` field you can define multiple key-value pairs, which will be propagated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `.spec.metadata` field you can define multiple key-value pairs, which are propagated
```

to the application trace as attributes in the same manner as for workloads.

> Additionally to adding the metadata to the application trace, the key-value pairs are added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In additionally to adding the metadata to the application trace, the key-value pairs are also added
```

> to each workload trace, which is part of the application, where in case of a common key in
> application and workload metadata attributes, values specified for workload take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to each workload trace that is part of the application.
If the same key is specified for both
application and workload metadata attributes, values specified for the workload take precedence.
```

> `KeptnAppContext` custom resource needs to be created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `KeptnAppContext` custom resource needs to be created:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: lifecycle.keptn.sh/v1beta1
kind: KeptnAppContext
metadata:
  name: keptndemoapp
  namespace: keptndemo
spec:
  metadata:
    commit-id: "1234"
    author: "myUser"
```

After applying the `KeptnAppContext` to your cluster, you need to bump the version of your

> application by modifying your `app.yaml` by changing the `app.kubernetes.io/version` from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application by modifying your `app.yaml` file and changing the value of the`app.kubernetes.io/version` field from
```

`0.0.3` to `0.0.4` (or `keptn.sh/version` if you used the Keptn specific labels earlier).

> After deploying the `KeptnAppContext` and re-deploying the application, you should be able

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying the `KeptnAppContext` resource and re-deploying the application, you should be able
```

> to see that the `keptndemoapp` application trace as well as the `nginx` workload trace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to see the `keptndemoapp` application trace as well as the `nginx` workload trace
```

contain the defined metadata as key-value attributes.

## Step 16: Link application traces through deployed versions

> To create connection between the traces of versions of your application, you can enrich the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create connections between the traces of versions of your application, you can enrich the
```

> `KeptnAppContext` resource with an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`KeptnAppContext` resource with
```
should be either "with an oTel span link" or "with oTel span links"

[Opentelemetry span links](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/traces/#span-links).

> The span link you can retrieve from the JSON representation of the trace in Jaeger, where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the span link from the JSON representation of the trace in Jaeger, where
```

to see the `keptndemoapp` application trace as well as the `nginx` workload trace
contain the defined metadata as key-value attributes.

## Step 16: Link application traces through deployed versions

To create connections between the traces of versions of your application, you can enrich the
`KeptnAppContext` resource with
[Opentelemetry span links](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/traces/#span-links).
You can retrieve the span link from the JSON representation of the trace in Jaeger, where
it has the following structure:

```yaml
00-<trace-id>-<span-id>-01
```

This span link needs to be added the the `KeptnAppContext`, which will ensure the connection
between traces of different versions of the application.

```yaml
apiVersion: lifecycle.keptn.sh/v1beta1
kind: KeptnAppContext
metadata:
  name: keptndemoapp
  namespace: keptndemo
spec:
  metadata:
    commit-id: "1234"
    author: "myUser"
  spanLinks:
    - "00-c088f5c586bab8649159ccc39a9862f7-f862289833f1fba3-01"
```

> **Note**
Please be aware that the span link is just an example and you need to retrieve the traceID and spanID
of the `keptndemoapp-0.0.4` application trace.

> In the end, you need to bump the version of your `keptndemoapp` application to version `0.0.5`, redeploy

Reviewer: They still do this in the `KeptnApp` resource, right?  Perhaps that should be stated explicitly?

Author: it was done in the previous steps 3 times already, I think we do not need to write it here explicitly again

> the application as well as `KeptnAppContext` and

Reviewer: Does KeptnAppContext also have version and revision?  I don't see it.

Author: no it does not, only KeptnApp

Reviewer: Oh, I see, you're just saying to redeploy KeptnAppContext; I was reading it as needing o bump the version in KeptAppContext.  Sorry.

> afterwards, you should be able to see a link to the previous trace in the references section in Jaeger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
afterwards, Jaeger should show a link to the previous trace in the references section.
```

![deployment trace](./assets/deploymenttrace.png)

## Step 14: More control over KeptnApp

> 

Author: The part describing pre/post-deployment tasks and evaluations were moved to lifecycle-management guide, as it does not have much to do with observability
